DOCSP-26670: add note about env variables to authn commands page (#87)
mongodb/docs-atlas-cli: source/connect-atlas-cli.txt

To create a new |service| account or onboard an existing account that
doesn't have any {+clusters+}, see :ref:`atlas-cli-onboarding`.

.. note::

   If you have configured :ref:`API keys <atlas-admin-api-access>`
   to access |service|, you can set :ref:`environment variables 
   <atlas-cli-env-vars>` instead of authenticating using the 

>    commands listed above.

Reviewer: Question: Would this be better under the Use Case column in the table itself?

Author: I'm not sure. I think the note would be compressed width-wise in such a narrow column. I think it also applies to both use cases technically. maybe @sarahsimpers can chime in here too?

Reviewer 2: I agree with @jwilliams-mongo, it applies to both so having it at the top is best.

>    You can run any {+atlas-cli+} command without passing arguments
>    or options that you define in environment variables.

Reviewer: Suggestion for clarity:

```suggestion
   If you defined :ref:`environment variables <atlas-cli-env-vars>`, you can run any {+atlas-cli+} command 
   without passing arguments or options that you have defined in your environment variables.
```

Author: I had pretty much this exact text before I revised it for concision 🤣 will go with your suggestion
